any user can access pg_catalog by default (#11282)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Included the shard information for closed tables in ``sys.shards`` table.

> - allow users to access pg_catalog and its tables and the rows that the users
>   have privileges on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can now read tables within the ``pg_catalog`` schema without explicit ``DQL`` permission. They will only see records the user has privileges on.
```
